Improve documentation for the "Polycyclic groups" section (#4561)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/Groups/pcgroup.md

# Polycyclic groups

## Introduction

A *polycyclic group* is a group $G$ which has a subnormal series
$G = G_1 > G_2 > \cdots > G_n > G_{n+1} = \{ 1 \}$
such that the factor groups $G_i/G_{i+1}$ are cyclic.

Polycyclic groups are solvable, and every finite solvable group is polycyclic.

Each polycyclic group has a finite presentation with the following structure:
Choose elements $g_i \in G_i \setminus G_{i+1}$, for $1 \leq i \leq n$,
such that $G_i = \langle G_{i+1}, g_i \rangle$ holds,
and let $r_i$ be the index of $G_{i+1}$ in $G_i$ (a positive integer or
infinity), the *relative order* of $g_i$ w.r.t. the given subnormal series.
Then each element of $G$ has a unique expression of the form
$g_1^{e_1} g_2^{e_2} \cdots g_n^{e_n}$ where the exponent $e_i$ is in
the set $\{ 0, 1, \ldots, r_i-1 \}$ if $r_i$ is finite, and $e_i$ is an
integer otherwise; this expression is called the *normal form*
of the group element.

The group $G$ has a presentation with generators $g_1, g_2, \ldots, g_n$
and defining relations of the following form,

> where we define $I$ as the set of indices $i$ with $r_i$ a positive integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where we define $I$ as the set of indices $i$ for which $r_i$ is a positive integer.
```

```math
   \begin{array}{lcll}
      g_i^{r_i} & = & g_{i+1}^{a(i,i,i+1)} \cdots g_n^{a(i,i,n)}, &
         1 \leq i \leq n, i \in I \\
      g_i^{-1} g_j g_i & = & g_{i+1}^{a(i,j,i+1)} \cdots g_n^{a(i,j,n)}, &
         1 \leq i < j \leq n.
   \end{array}
```

For infinite groups, we need additionally

```math
   \begin{array}{lcll}
      g_i^{-1} g_j^{-1} g_i & = & g_{i+1}^{b(i,j,i+1)} \cdots g_n^{b(i,j,n)}, &
         1 \leq i < j \leq n, j \not\in I \\
      g_i g_j g_i^{-1} & = & g_{i+1}^{c(i,j,i+1)} \cdots g_n^{c(i,j,n)}, &
         1 \leq i < j \leq n, i \not\in I \\
      g_i g_j^{-1} g_i^{-1} & = & g_{i+1}^{d(i,j,i+1)} \cdots g_n^{d(i,j,n)}, &
         1 \leq i < j \leq n, i, j, \not\in I.
   \end{array}
```

> Here we ssume that the right hand sides are words in normal form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we assume that the right hand sides are words in normal form.
```
